Create writing-a-case-study.md (#69)
atolye15/checklist: checklists/writing-a-case-study.md

---
title: Writing a Case Study
category: Marketing
date: "2020-03-11"
tags: ['case-study']

> description: The marketing to-do's we complete to come up with a new case study

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The marketing to-do's we complete to come up with a new case study.
```

---
-  [ ] Set up a meeting with the team  

> Case Study preparation requires work hand-in-hand with development, design and project management team as well, so make sure you gather them altogether!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Case Study preparation requires work hand-in-hand with development, design and project management teams as well, so make sure you gather them altogether!
```

> -  [ ] Draft the crucial parts and must-have points of the Case Study in the meeting  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  [ ] Draft the crucial parts and must-have points of the case study in the meeting  
```

There are various concepts to take into consideration when drafting a new case study so we have to clarify them beforehand to get the assistance needed from development and design.

> -  [ ]  Provide general information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  [ ] Provide general information  
```

To start off the case study, make sure that you have a beautifully outlined abstract before diving into challenges and solutions.

> -  [ ]  Evaluate the project with Project Management team   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Evaluate the project with Project Management team   
```

> Following the collection of information for the Case Study, sit with PM team to cover all steps of the project, starting from day 1 to going live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the collection of information for the case study, get together with the PM team to cover all steps of the project, starting from day 1 to going live.
```

> -  [ ]  Identify the challenges, goals and provide your solution that led you to success on the project    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Identify the challenges, goals and provide your solution that led you to success on the project    
```

Use data to illustrate your key points and identify the challenges the team has faced, and the solutions provided to achieve success on the project.

> -  [ ]  Finalize the content and support it with images, videos of GIFs  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Finalize the content and support it with images, videos or animated GIFs  
```

Create a file of images or digital content you'd like to include in the case study to visually showcase your study better.

> -  [ ]  Publish on related channels and export multiple versions to use in social media channels, company portfolios and presentations  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Publish on related channels and export multiple versions to use in social media channels, company portfolios and presentations  
```

> Publish your case study on social media channels, behance, Clutch portfolio, Dribbble and more if necessary, and then gather feedback to strengthen your Case Study game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publish your case study on the related social media channels, such as Behance, Clutch, Dribbble and then gather feedback to strengthen your case study game.
```
